Include permission_callback to avoid notice on WP 5.5 (#3245)
moderntribe/the-events-calendar: readme.txt

* Tweak - Add filters to link generation for events, venues, and organizers. [EXT-151]
* Tweak - Remove disabled admin notice for Virtual Events and Gutenberg. [TEC-3546]

> * Tweak - Modify params on `register_rest_route` across the board on the plugin to prevent notices on WordPress 5.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Modify parameters on `register_rest_route` to include `permission_callback` to prevent notices on WordPress 5.5.
```
